jaar_2/Engels_2/Les1.md, before:

# First Text<sup>1</sup>
## Word List

| Word | Explanation/Translation |
| ---: | --- |
| Mistogynistic | Sexist, men who hate women |
| Decried (to decry) | Denounce, condemn, publicly callout, "aanklagen' |
| To curb | Reduce |
| Proactive | Taking initiative, try to prevent |
| Hassle |  A lot of trouble |
| (to) Trawl (through) | Move through with a lot of effort |
| Invective | Rude and insulting words that someone says when they are very angry |
| Hit a snag | A problem or disadvantage, one that is not very serious, which you hadn't expected |
| Torrent | A lot of words spoken quickly, especially insulting or criticizing someone. (Literally a floud of water.) |
| Mishmash | Mixture, hodge-podge, "mengelmoes" |
| Affiliate | To join or become connected with a large group or organization |
| Malicious | With bad intention, very unkind or cruel |
| Admonish | To tell someone severely that they have done something wrong |
| Unnverving | To upset or frishten someone so that they lose their confidence or ability to thinkg clearly |

## Footnotes

<sup>1</sup> Since I don't have access to the text yet I couldn't write the title here yet.

Commit message:

Add comprehension to first English text

jaar_2/Engels_2/Les1.md, after:

# 1.1 Troll hunters: the Twitterbots that fight against online abuse
## 1.1.1 Vocabulary

| Word | Explanation/Translation |
| ---: | --- |
| Mistogynistic | Sexist, men who hate women |
| Decried (to decry) | Denounce, condemn, publicly callout, "aanklagen' |
| To curb | Reduce |
| Proactive | Taking initiative, try to prevent |
| Hassle |  A lot of trouble |
| (to) Trawl (through) | Move through with a lot of effort |
| Invective | Rude and insulting words that someone says when they are very angry |
| Hit a snag | A problem or disadvantage, one that is not very serious, which you hadn't expected |
| Torrent | A lot of words spoken quickly, especially insulting or criticizing someone. (Literally a floud of water.) |
| Mishmash | Mixture, hodge-podge, "mengelmoes" |
| Affiliate | To join or become connected with a large group or organization |
| Malicious | With bad intention, very unkind or cruel |
| Admonish | To tell someone severely that they have done something wrong |
| Unnverving | To upset or frishten someone so that they lose their confidence or ability to thinkg clearly |

## 1.1.2 Comprehension

* Explain the following quote that was left out of the text and provide 2 examples: “… methods to deflect abuse and manipulate behaviour could themselves be abused”.
> * These methods could be used for e.g. a government to control the people such as in some autocratic countries.
  * People could start using words that can have different meanings depending on the context to confuse automated systems. E.g. te words 'bitch' and 'whore' are widespread words that are also used in natural chat.

* Explain how Munger lowered the number of racist comments on Twitter. What method did he use? Could it be used to get rid of all online racism? Why (not)?
> He created bots that impersonated different types of people. These bots were created to admonish people tweeting racist comments. His methods reduced the amount but couldn't get rid of all of them because it didn't affect the commited racists (much).

* Explain: “The more people become aware that these are out there, the less effective they’ll be”
> Once people know wich accounts are bots, they won't listen to them anymore. Moreover, it will eventually even turn out to increase racism because they will try to fight back against the bots.
